# Capstone-Project
Chatbot for Guided Navigation in Employment Services Portal

Problem Statement - The Employment Department currently operates a digital platform, www.pgrkam.com, along with its mobile application, offering a wide range of services to job seekers and employers. These services include modules such as private sector jobs, government jobs, self-employment opportunities, foreign jobs, foreign studies, counseling, guidance, armed forces induction, and job fairs. However, the platform lacks a guided assistance feature, forcing users to manually navigate through multiple modules to find answers to their queries, which can be time-consuming and inefficient.

Problem Requirements - The requirement set is given below: 1. To build a smart chatbot on top of Large Language Model (LLM)- driven chatbots like ChatGPT that uses transformers like GPT3. The aim is to assist the user through a digital assistant to provide answers to all queries the user and reduce the time and effort while navigating to any part of the PGRKAM digital platform. 2. The system should be able to intelligently addresses text and voice queries in Punjabi/English/Hindi around job search, skill development and foreign counseling along with recommending jobs based on the candidate’s preference. A multilingual screen reading module could be added for better query handling. 3. The app will also be able to maintain candidates’ history and preferences to add a level of personalization for better recommendations. Expected Outcome User should be able to chat/read/listen and discover any information pertaining to job, skill development or foreign counseling on smartphone or laptop computer.
